Episode 0:
Episode 1: The XANA super-calculator has mounted another attack against our planet. This time, it has taken control of little Milly's teddy bear. Milly is a student at the same junior high school our heroes. Not only does the teddy bear come to life and become very aggressive, but he grows to be as big as a building before our very eyes. The safety of the whole city is in jeopardy. While Ulrich rushes off to help Yumi, Odd will have to fight on Lyokô alone -- with Jeremy acting as his moral support and guide -- so that their virtual friend Aelita can foil the XANA's attack. In the meantime, Yumi and Ulrich, with Milly in tow, will have to pull off something pretty amazing if they want to escape the giant teddy bear's terrible grips.
Episode 2: While Odd is trying to form a new band, the X.A.N.A takes control of the school’s electricity supply. Leading the investigation, our heroes understand that the fiendish X.A.N.A computer is also planning on blowing up a nuclear power-plant. A little concentration during gym class will help them make the right decision ! In fact, the danger is so great that they decide to reveal the existence of Lyokô, the virtual world that only they know about, to the authorities. But it all seems so far-fetched that in the end, no-one believes them. Yumi, Aelita, Jeremy, Odd and Ulrich have only themselves to turn to stop a nuclear explosion from destroying the city.
Episode 3: Jeremy manages to get himself grounded for the whole school holiday period. He wants to be there in case X.A.N.A, the super-calculator, should decide to launch an attack over the break. Sissi, who suspects Jeremy has secret activities, works things out so that she is also at school during the holidays. The Headmaster has put Jim in charge of watching over the two young people. Jeremy’s fears are confirmed when X.A.N.A succeeds in spreading highly-toxic fumes throughout the school, posing a direct threat to Jim and Sissi who are holed-up in a tiny little room. Jeremy must face the X.A.N.A all by himself, so let’s just say that it’s a hopeless situation. He calls Yumi, Odd and Ulrich to the rescue. Will they get back to school in time to lend him a helping hand?
Episode 4: Sissi uses Ulrich’s diary against him so that he will be forced to pay attention to her. The diary contains details of Ulrich’s secret activities and of the existence of Lyokô. She takes advantage of a school trip to the swimming pool to attack. But this is no time for Ulrich to get caught in a trap because X.A.N.A has taken control of the electric school bus he and the other students are travelling in. The bus, which has now become a kind of prison-on-wheels, is speeding towards the city’s chemical complex. Only the skills and daring of Odd, Yumi and Aelita on Lyokô can stop the crazy bus and save it from a deadly catastrophe.
Episode 5: X.A.N.A has created a computer virus and sent it out on the internet. All the city’s data-bases have been damaged. Although the problems this causes are quickly solved without major incident, the railway control centre has been hit very hard and can no longer stop two of its trains which are on a collision course. Our heroes are faced with an urgent situation . They must counter X.A.N.A’s evil plan and stop this deadly collision from occurring. And to think that Sissi is going to go after Ulrich again and make our dream team’s mission even more difficult!
Episode 6: X.A.N.A doesn’t ‘t let a single detail of life at the school get by him. The Headmaster has decided to make extensions to the gymnasium and the super-calculator wastes no time before turning the bulldozers from the construction zone into weapons. Our heroes must nip this new attack in the bud before the metallic army has a chance to destroy the factory, thus making it impossible for them to get to the secret laboratory. During the battle taking place on Lyokô, Yumi falls into the digital sea and turns into a virtual character forever. It ‘s a cruel dilemma for Jeremy who has just accomplished his life’s work by working out how to make Aelita into a real person. But he can only bring one person to life : will it be Yumi or Aelita?
Episode 7: During one of Aelita and Yumi’s routine missions on Lyokô, Yumi suddenly and inexplicably disappears and then reappears inside one of the scanners in the factory. As she is unconscious, Jeremy, Ulrich and Odd take her to the infirmary. When she wakes up, she starts acting strange, insisting that they take her back to the factory. Her friends are still wondering how it is that she was sent back to the real world before it was time… What the boys don’t know is that the real Yumi is still on Lyokô, held prisoner by X.A.N.A, while an evil and almost indestructible clone has taken her place in the real world. The clone has but one mission - to destroy our heroes !
An unsuspecting Jeremy sends Odd and Ulrich to Lyokô to help Aelita deactivate a tower. In so doing, he ends up alone, face-to-face with the real X.A.N.A creature. Only the real Yumi, once she is freed by her friends and gets back to the real world, can face up to the clone at the last minute.
Episode 8: A movie director is planning on filming his next movie in our heroes’ factory. What a catastrophe ! What will happen if they discover the lab, the super-calculator, and Lyokô ? After a vain attempt to dissuade the director, Ulrich succeeds in getting a job on the film. Just the thing to be able to keep an eye on the director and his team and protecting the lab at the same time. Unfortunately for him, Sissi has managed to get herself cast in a minor role in the film and won’t let him out of her sight. Bad luck always comes in threes, and in this case, X.A.N.A wakes up and takes control of the film’s leading-man: a plastic alien with huge tentacles. Its goal is to get rid of Ulrich and our other heroes. The director, believing the alien has been stolen, gets messed up in all this to try and track down the thief, namely Ulrich, and get his creature back. Get ready to see breath-taking chase scenes in the factory and our heroes in grave danger.
Episode 9: Right in the middle of science class, all the students’ mobile phones start ringing. But when they answer, there is no-one on the line. Mrs. Hertz confiscates everyone’s phone. Jeremy realises that X.A.N.A. is behind these ill-timed rings. The super calculator is using the communications antenna to take control of a very powerful military satellite which it could use as an instrument of mass destruction! Only a victory on Lyokô can save the day and above all, Yumi, who is X.A.N.A.‘s first target.
Episode 10: Can you imagine how surprised our heroes are when the new girl in school walks into the classroom and they realise that she is the spitting image of Aelita! It’s all the more troubling because there is no trace of their virtual friend on Lyokô. Jeremy is certain that this is no simple coincidence. The new girl must be a real, live version of Aelita. His friends are not so easily convinced and in the end they turn out to be right. Aelita is still on Lyokô but she is injured. And they’d better stay on their toes ! This new girl is going to be a real wolf in sheep’s clothing…
Episode 11: Jeremy has a serious problem – he is too intelligent. His teachers are so convinced of his genius that they believe he should change schools to attend a special high-school for gifted an talented children !!! Our heroes are in a tight spot. Without Jeremy, they may as well give up the fight against X.A.N.A, and any hope of bringing Aelita to life. Jeremy has decided to fail all the tests he is going to be forced to sit on purpose. While he’s stuck in exams, X.A.N.A has transformed the school’s rat population into an army. How will our heroes overcome them without Jeremy ?
Episode 12: Sissi, the school’s babe-in-waiting, plucks up the courage to tell Ulrich she has a crush on him. Far from being flattered, Ulrich bursts out laughing, hurting Sissi’s feelings. Determined not to be the fool in this situation, Sissi decides to get her own back by stirring up trouble between Ulrich and Yumi. While all this is going on, the X.A.N.A super-calculator has found a new way to attack our planet. It has contaminated the wasps on the school grounds and is using them to attack ! Yumi, Ulrich, Odd, and Jeremy will have to fight against this new menace. But Sissi’s meddling have sown seeds of doubt in the team members and it’s badly affecting their team spirit … 
Episode 13: After another one of Jeremy’s unsuccessful attempts to bring Aelita to life, the virtual, young girl’s computer programme bugs up : if she deactivates a tower, she will disappear from Lyokô once and for all ! A race against time starts for Jeremy who must de-bug Aelita’s programme before Xana’s next attack, or else !. Unfortunately, the super-computer jumps into action, sending destructive ultrasound-waves which make the school building collapse and put Odd’s life in grave danger… Ulrich and Yumi join Aelita on Lyokô, but in view of the scale of the attack, they soon realise that Jeremy will not have enough time to solve the problem before the tower must be deactivated. They have no choice but to sacrifice Aelita…
Episode 14: The deserted factory gets a new lease on life. Xana has taken over every last mechanism. In the silence of the empty Cathedral, the crazy computer is just waiting for our friends to walk straight into its trap. Odd and Jeremy find themselves in the Machine Room which is out of control and Yumi, Ulrich… and Sissi step into the elevator and right into the trap. The elevator plummets down and crashes on the ground. Yumi is the only one able to pull herself out of the debris to go for help from Odd and Jeremy who are ready to go to Lyokô. Sissi and Ulrich, whose arm is broken, are trapped at the bottom of the elevator shaft which is rapidly filling with water. Thanks to Yumi and Odd’s protection, Aelita manages to deactivate the tower just in time to stop them from drowning. Ulrich will have a plaster cast to remember this adventure by and also the memory of seeing a very different and unexpected side of Sissi.
Episode 15: Yumi is feeling down. Her parents, who are usually so close, have decided to have a trial separation all because of a stupid incident the details of which neither of them can really remember. Yumi’s father has gone to stay with a friend from work to « think things through ». After trying everything to hide the situation from her friends, Yumi ends up blurting it all out and her friends then make every effort to cheer her up and get her parents back together. While all this is going on, Xana has taken control of a bottle of gas that Mrs. Hertz was using during science class : it’s a bottle of N2O, better known as nitrogen protoxide or laughing gas. The gas spreads throughout the school and attacks our heroes directly by inducing fits of laughter which leave them dangerously short of breath… Our heroes are in grave danger, but so are Yumi’s parents who she has invited separately to come and watch the school play in the assembly hall…
Episode 16: There is a new kid in school. He becomes interested in Sissi immediately and must therefore deal with Hervé’s animosity, but he can count on our heroes who like him for his sense of humour. At lunchtime, the student-residents are subjected to a X.A.N.A attack in the canteen. The computer "infests" the metal-siding of the school’s walls and transforms it into an electrified prison cell. None can get in, no-one can get out. All the while, short-circuits are gradually destroying the metal-siding. Only Yumi has the power to save her friends on Lyokô.
Episode 17: Using a new machine in the school’s physics and chemistry lab, XANA manages to create nano viruses, tiny machines capable of attacking memory cells in the human brain. Our heroes are XANA’s principle targets and Ulrich is the first one to go down. Seeing that her heart’s desire is suffering from amnesia, Sissi takes full advantage of the situation : she fools him into thinking that she is his girlfriend and that Odd, Yumi and Jeremy are his sworn enemies… It’s a difficult situation, all the more so because the nano viruses are starting to affect the whole population ! Luckily, our heroes can once again join forces on Lyokô and save the world from amnesia!
Episode 18: On this particular evening, it’s all too much for Ulrich to bear. He can no more stand living with Odd’s untidyness than he can hearing the song blaring on the radio while he is trying to finish his homework. Ulrich decides to spend the night at Jeremy’s. But Odd, left all by himself, goes into a strange trance-like state and stops moving… The next day, Odd, whose pulse is slowing down more and more, is admitted to hospital… and shortly afterwards, Sissi suffers the same fate. Afraid that this may be a X.A.N.A attack, Jeremy and Ulrich rush to Lyokô, while Yumi, elsewhere, comes to realise that XANA is getting people with the song ! The killer song is being played everywhere and the population is lapsing into a coma. Other cities are starting to be affected, too. Ulrich, Yumi and Jeremy will have to act fast if they want to save Odd, and the greater part of the population from certain demise…
Episode 19: Following a heated discussion with Aelita, Jeremy decides that he has to go to Lyokô in person to meet his friend and ask her to forgive him… Yumi is not too keen on the idea as Jeremy is the only member of the group to perfectly master the super-computer’s technology. Her fears are confirmed when she hits the wrong key, trapping Jeremy somewhere between the real world and the virtual universe. Part of the scanner’s memory has been lost stopping anyone else from transferring onto Look. While on the run from the creatures XANA has sent to get her, Aelita works on freeing Jeremy. Meanwhile, Yumi, Ulrich and Odd try and find a way to free up some memory so they can get to the virtual universe…
Episode 20: XANA has taken control of the assembly line in the deserted factory. Hervé and Jeremy’s droids, which they have made for the school’s Robot Encounters Day, are fighting one another in the gymnasium. Meanwhile, another much more frightening robot created by XANA turns up at the school, creating panic and mayhem. Our heroes have no time to lose. While Odd and Jeremy rush to the laboratory, Yumi and Ulrich try to eliminate the robot which is hot on their tails. But things are not as easy as they seem: the Robot has destroyed the laboratory, which means that no one can get to Lyokô until it’s up and running again, and Aelita is in danger ! What’s more, thanks to its artificial intelligence and reinforced armour, XANA’s Robot seems indestructible. And Jeremy has to stay in the factory to fix the lab ! Out of sheer desperation, Yumi and Ulrich will have to join forces with the enemy : and ask Hervé to help them!
Episode 21: Lately, all Ulrich can think about is the soccer final which is coming up at Kadic. His parents will be there and he hopes to impress them with his amazing ball skills. But he isn’t counting on the fact that XANA will show up at the wrong place… at the wrong time. And so, just a few minutes before kick-off, Xana manages to create an zero-gravity zone. Before long, inside an ever-increasing anti-gravity zone, people and objects start leaving the ground. Our heroes have no choice but to go to Lyokô ! Ulrich finds himself in a catch-22 situation. Does he abandon the match and disappoint his parents… or leave his friends to fight against Xana alone?
Episode 22: For some time now, our heroes have become somewhat weary of fighting XANA all the time. Tired of the routine of it all, and of Yumi’s seeming indifference towards him, Ulrich starts seeing another girl, which makes Yumi angry and causes a fight between our bashful love-birds… At the same time, a tower is activated on Lyokô, but none of our heroes can work out what Xana is up to. Still in doubt, Ulrich, Yumi and Odd are sent to the virtual universe and realise they have fallen into a trap. If they attempt to come back to the real world, they will be annihilated once and for all! This fight " to the finish" completely changes our heroes perception of their mission — this time round, it’s not the usual routine — and it helps Yumi and Ulrich to work out their differences…
Episode 23: Odd has a crush on Sam, a rebellious teenager from a neighbouring school. They have agreed to meet in secret inside the school grounds at Kadic. Sam leads Odd to believe he’s in for some romance. He quickly comes to his senses when he realises that Sam is in fact planning to steal a lap-top computer. Just before being caught red-handed by Jim, Sam manages to hide… and Odd is the one accused of stealing. Jim drags him back to his office, locking all the doors behind him. While all this has been going on, XANA’s ghost has attacked the foundations of the school buildings, modifying their structure. The foundations crumble, so much so that the school buildings start sinking into the ground like a fleet of shipwrecks. The only way to avoid catastrophe is to get to Lyokô. But Sam is a prisoner in the science building which is sinking into the ground. While Yumi and Jeremy rush to the factory, Odd and Ulrich must do everything they can to save Sam…
Episode 24: On this day, as on many others, our heroes have successfully deactivated a tower. As usual, they are sent back in time… but this time, when Jeremy arrives in Mrs. Hertz science class twelve hours earlier, he realises that Odd, Yumi and Ulrich are not there. They have not « come back » from Lyokô. In a panic, Jeremy starts an inquiry and quickly discovers that his friends’ absence is due to one of Xana’s evil plans. Xana has managed to imprison Ulrich, Odd and Yumi – without their realising it – in a virtual universe. It’s a perfect replica of Kadic which doesn’t really exist… and where there is a virtual Jeremy who is trying to kill them ! The real Jeremy must save his friends single-handedly…
Episode 25: This time he’s done it ! Jeremy has finished the devirtualisation programme which will bring Aélita to life. They can all be together at long last and put an end to the super-computer! It goes without saying that nothing goes according to plan. When everyone is at the factory ready to start « operation devirtualisation », Jeremy realises that he has left the CD with the programme on it in his room. He must go back to the school to get it. That’s when he comes face to face with Jim who is determined to find out what our friends are up to. When Jeremy tries to run away from the gym teacher, he falls and sprains his ankle. No longer able to walk, he must still somehow find his way back to the factory to start the programme and he has to do it fast, too, because Aelita is in trouble on Lyokô. Jeremy thinks he may have a solution : he will ask Jim for help. Jim agrees, but on one condition. Finally, Jeremy manages to get back to the lab and launch the devirtualisation programme. A few seconds later, Aélita is standing there in flesh and bone. Jeremy, visibly moved, whispers a few words in her ear : « Welcome to Earth… ».
Episode 26: Aelita has been brought to life with resounding success and now the time to destroy Xana has come! But when Jeremy pulls the plug, Aélita faints, much to their surprise. The destruction of the super-computer is put on hold, and, following a short inquiry, Jeremy discovers much to his dismay that Aelita has been infected with a virus that binds her to Xana! If Xana were to be destroyed, Aelita would certainly be destroyed along with him … They must accept the truth : Aelita must return to Lyokô until Jeremy finds an antidote to the virus… Meanwhile, our heroes on Earth have to fight the Kankrelats : Xana has found a way to send his troops to Earth! Tough day at school for our heroes !
Episode 27:
Episode 28:
Episode 29:
Episode 30:
Episode 31:
Episode 32:
Episode 33:
Episode 34:
Episode 35:
Episode 36:
Episode 37:
Episode 38:
Episode 39:
Episode 40:
Episode 41:
Episode 42:
Episode 43:
Episode 44:
Episode 45:
Episode 46:
Episode 47:
Episode 48:
Episode 49:
Episode 50:
Episode 51:
Episode 52:
Episode 53:
Episode 54:
Episode 55:
Episode 56:
Episode 57:
Episode 58:
Episode 59:
Episode 60:
Episode 61:
Episode 62:
Episode 63:
Episode 64:
Episode 65:
Episode 66:
Episode 67:
Episode 68:
Episode 69:
Episode 70:
Episode 71:
Episode 72:
Episode 73:
Episode 74:
Episode 75:
Episode 76:
Episode 77:
Episode 78:
Episode 79:
Episode 80:
Episode 81:
Episode 82:
Episode 83:
Episode 84:
Episode 85:
Episode 86:
Episode 87:
Episode 88:
Episode 89:
Episode 90:
Episode 91:
Episode 92:
Episode 93:
Episode 94:
Episode 95: