76 - The Lake


JIM: You can take your hand luggage on the bus with you.
And the rest of your stuff goes down here.


JEREMIE: What if Xana attacks while we’re away?


AELITA: After a week of working day and night on the program,
I think we deserve this weekend, don’t you?


It’ll be the first time we go camping together too.


URLICH: What program are you talking about, huh?


JEREMIE: Aelita thought we should shore up the protection shields
on the Skid, we haven’t tested it yet though.


ODD: You two are incredible, really.
I mean as if we didn’t have enough homework from- ah!


JIM: Della Robbia, weren’t you listening?
You’ve got to store the suitcase.


ODD: You said that carry on was okay, look,
I’m carrying it, Jim.


JIM: Eh…


Sissi, what are you doing with all that stuff?


SISSI: It’s my baggage, Jim.


JIM: You were told to only take what was strictly necessary.


Now get a move on and take all that junk back to your room.


SISSI: But Jim, my party dresses, my shoes, and all my makeup,
I can’t possibly go without them, and my hair dryer too.


MRS. HERTZ: Now listen, Elizabeth, this is a camping trip
and it’s only two days.


Your bicycle too should be left at home.


SISSI: Do you want me to tell the principal, my father,
that sports activities are being discouraged on school trips?


MRS. HERTZ: Uh, alright, but make it snappy now.


ODD: Mmm


ULRICH: Oh, you’re kidding, Odd.


ODD: What’s wrong? How could I leave--
--Kiwi in his room while we’re getting fresh air?


ULRICH: Speaking of being cooped up,
Yumi got stuck with a test this weekend.


YUMI: Not one, I’ve got two tests today.
You lucky dogs, I wish I were on that bus with you.


ULRICH: I’d have loved to sneak you on, but we got a lucky dog already.


You know who I’m talking about.


YUMI: Well the torture session’s about to start.
I’ll speak to you later. Thanks, Ulrich.


HERB: Oh, Sissi…


JIM: Elizabeth, put that strap higher up.
Seatbelts weren’t meant for puppy dogs.


SFX: (BARKING)


JIM: Huh?


ODD: Shh, quiet Kiwi, or they’ll know you’re here.


JIM: Well, well, somebody looks very guilty.
What do you got inside there?


ODD: In there? Um, some things to keep with me on the trip, like


JIM: Mh hm.


ODD: Oh, imagine that. It must be that stray dog
that everybody saw running around near the campus.


He sneaked on the bus, I guess.


JIM: You went and bought him a collar marked Della Robbia.


ODD: No, it’s just a coincidence, he must belong
to a very distant cousin, there are plenty of Della Robbias.


It’s a common name, like Morales, or-


JIM: Knock it off. All animals are forbidden--
--anywhere and everywhere on school grounds.


ODD: That’s great because we’re not at school now are we, Jim?


JIM: Don’t try to be a wise guy with me, Della Robbia.
You’ve been caught red handed.


As soon as we get back,
you have an appointment with the principal.


ODD: Aw…


MRS. MEYER: Quiet, please. For this exam, all you need is
a sharpened pencil and your logic and concentration.


YUMI: You’re lucky, as a computer program
this math test should be a real piece of cake.


WILLIAM: What’s a math test and a piece of cake?


JIM: Hold it! Slow down!


ODD: I told you not to keep him on a leash.


JIM: Oh yeah? What if he bit one of the other kids? What then?


MRS. HERTZ: Here we are, this will be our home and our laboratory
for the weekend. An unspoiled haven for all lovers of flora.


A field trip to a true garden of eden.
In short, an ecosystem unequalled in the region.


And you are looking right at it.


SISSI: What, that microscopic island is where we’re gonna camp?


MRS. HERTZ: If you think that’s small, wait until you see the rubber dinghies.


DEFAULT: Row faster!


JEREMIE: I was afraid of this. I can’t get a signal here.
I won’t be able to access the supercomputer.


AELITA: Don’t worry. For the time being, I can still call out.
I’ll tell Yumi.


YUMI: Rats, the factor of minus x was the right answer.
Looks like I’m in for another lousy grade.


Inferno here, everything okay in paradise?


AELITA: Not really, Jeremie can’t seem to get online.


You’re gonna have to check regularly
to see what’s happening on Lyoko.


YUMI: You’ve got to be kidding. I’ve got a huge French test
in five minutes, and- hello? Hello?


AELITA: That’s it, I’ve been cut off.
But I think she got my meaning.


JEREMIE: Are you sure?


DEFAULT: Hurry up, Yumi.


YUMI: Be right there, I’ve gotta um, go to the bathroom.


JIM: Remember to pitch your tents very carefully, because if you don’t,
the smallest gust of wind and poof, down it’ll come.[u]


Actually, that reminds me of when I was living
in a teepee in the desert near New Mexico.


MRS. HERTZ: Jim, this might not be the right time.


JIM: You don’t know what you’re missing Suzanne.


Anyway, I want you all to read the instructions
for the setting up of your tents before you start.


If you don’t want to find yourselves up the creek
without a paddle, ha, now get going.


ULRICH: Do you know how to set this up?


ODD: Yeah, sure, no problem.


Follow the instructions and just holler if you need any help!


ULRICH: But- thanks a lot.


SISSI: Ulrich, honey, I thought maybe we could pitch our tents
side by side so we can talk together tonight.


ULRICH: Sorry, Sissi, but I didn’t come camping to gossip
or talk about clothes, I’d rather sleep.


HERB: Hey, Sissi, well I would be glad to set up my tent
next to yours, for tonight.


SISSI: Sure, Herb.


HERB: Really? Oh that’s fabulous.
Fantastic, I uh, uh, by the way, where is your tent?


SISSI: Right there.


Let me know when you’ve set it up.


JEREMIE: There’s nothing we can do.
Without a connection it’s totally useless.


Let’s just hope that Xana doesn’t take advantage of it.


AELITA: Relax, Jeremie, Yumi is watching the store at home.


YUMI: Okay, now let’s see.


MRS. HERTZ: The flower called the Campanula insularis
can only survive on small islands such as this one,


since it’s protected from ruminants by a barrier of water.


So in your opinion what would happen if the lake dried up?


NICHOLAS: Uh, we would be able to walk home?


DEFAULT: (LAUGHING)


YUMI: Well everything seems okay,
no open window, no activated tower.


I might even get higher than an F on my French test.


DEFAULT: (BEEPING)


YUMI: No! I guess that’s that.


Still no connection. Are they on a desert island, or what?


MRS. HERTZ: The presence of so much Campanula insularis contributes
in turn to the proliferation of a rare species of butterfly,


as we will soon see here in the woods.


NICHOLAS: I don’t see what was so funny, I mean what’s the use--
--of a boat if there isn’t any more water?


Hey, there’s a lot of pollution in this lake.


HEIDI: (GASPS)


NICHOLAS: (SCREAMS)


HEIDI: Help, hurry up, come quickly, Jim, Mrs Hertz!


MRS. HERTZ: He’s in a state of shock, but he’s breathing.


HEIDI: There was this thing in the lake, it was black, it shot
a lightning bolt at Nicholas and then it was gone.


JIM: Must have been an electric eel. I’ve seen them before.
When I was a forest ranger in Quebec-


MRS. HERTZ: Jim, enough chatter. Make yourself useful
and go get the first aid kit.


JIM: Right away, Suzanne.


HEIDI: It wasn’t an eel, it was much bigger, it was huge!


JEREMIE: Ma’am, I- I really think we’re in great danger here.


MRS. HERTZ: Now, now, don’t worry, Jeremie. These things happen,
Nicholas will be just fine.


DEFAULT: (SCREAMING)


SFX: (BARKING)


DEFAULT: What’s going on, Jim? We’re scared!


JIM: Stay where you are, let me go check it out.


Ah, the ambulance…


Huh?


Suzanne?


Whoa, what is happening here?


YUMI: Oh no, Xana’s attacking the Skid!


I don’t know what to do, Jeremie answer, please!


JEREMIE: We absolutely have to find a way
to get back to the factory.


ULRICH: One step off the island means electrocution for sure.


ODD: If we create a diversion maybe one of us could get away.


JEREMIE: Okay, you and Ulrich do that
while we try to get in touch with Yumi.


JEREMIE: If only we had an antenna.


AELITA: Okay, how big an antenna?


JIM: Calm down, now. I don’t know what that thing in the lake is,
but I can tell you that it had better watch it,


‘cause he’s gonna have to deal with me, and sparks
will start flying, and- that is, well there already are sparks.


Well, you know what I mean.


Now to begin with, we’ve got to help Mrs. Hertz.


Suzanne, Suzanne, say something Suzanne.


SFX: (SMACK)


YUMI: Oh no, that’s all we need. The lady killer.


Jeremie, about time.


Hey listen, we’re here playing Survivor with an aquatic monster
that likes to electrocute anyone who comes close to the shore.


Anything on your side?


YUMI: I’m totally helpless.


The activated tower is really well protected and the Skid
is in the process of losing most of its energy.


JEREMIE: {\i1}Does it have many life points left?


YUMI: At the rate things are going with the ship,
it’s gonna be over in no time.


JEREMIE: Listen, there’s no other choice, ready or not,
we have to test the program.


Yumi, do you have anything to write with?
I’ll dictate what you have to do.


YUMI: I ought to have a pen,
since I’ve got a French test right now.


Go on then, shoot.


JIM: That’s the first time I’ve slugged someone
without getting a reaction.


SOPHIE: You have to give her mouth to mouth.


JIM: Yeah, mouth to mouth, of course.


MRS. HERTZ: Jim! You come even a hair closer and it’s the last thing
you’ll ever do on this earth. Understand?


JIMI: Hey, I cured her!


YUMI: Now, shift the energy of the lateral shields
to the side under attack.


The left one… oh no, no, the other left.


Jeremie, what are these commands?
Are you sure it’s gonna work?


JEREMIE: She’ll never make it on her own, Aelita.


ULRICH: Jeremie, we’re all set. But we need Aelita.


JEREMIE: Yumi, the others are trying to get to the factory.
Until then, you’d better prepared for going to Lyoko.


YUMI: Okay.


JIM: Feeling better?


Yeah, obviously.


Well you’ve all been through an awful shock.


ODD: Jim!


JIM: Alright, what’s the matter now?


ODD: Help me, Jim. It’s my dog. He’s in terrible danger.


JIM: Mh hm.


ODD: Only you can help me save that poor defenseless animal, Jim.


JIM: Okay, I heard you, don’t overdo it now, Della Robbia.


ODD: Look, over there.


JIM: Huh?


SFX: (BARKING)


JIM: Oh holy moley.


JIM: How did that hound ever get into a mess like that?


ODD: He was playing in the canoe, and well,
a wind came up and carried him away.


Oh Jim, save my Kiwi.


JIM: Well okay, but you stay right here, understand?


SFX: (BARKING)


JIM: Alright doggy, come to uncle Jim.


Come here I said.


You hairy hound! Get over here!


That’s… that’s that sneaky Ulrich Stern.


Come back immediately, will ya?


Stern, I’m responsible for-


YUMI: Two on one.


Tough guys.


JIM: Stern, come back here!


ULRICH: (SCREAMS)


JIM: Come here, you slime ball. You don’t scare me.
I’ve got rubber soled, NASA issue astronaut space shoes.


(SPUTTERS)


Uh, smarted just a little.


AELITA: Let’s see how fast I can pedal.


YUMI: There we go. Place needed a clean up.


ODD: I’ve got good new and bad news.


The good news is that Aelita got through.


JEREMIE: My good news is that I finally managed to
get connected to the supercomputer.


ODD: The bad news is that our black muddy sludge monster
is on the prowl.


YUMI: You can never beat us, Xana, you hear?


No William, you’re a Lyoko Warrior, you swore to it!


You swear to keep our secret?


WILLIAM: I swear.


JEREMIE: Good answer, William.


DEFAULT: I wanna go home!


(SCREAMING AND CRYING)


ODD: Watch out!


JEREMIE: Now if Aelita can just get there in time
we can launch the program.


YUMI: You can still change your mind, William.


WILLIAM: Are you kidding?


ODD: Well, how do you feel, William?


WILLIAM: All ready to take on Xana and his monsters.


JEREMIE: Why of course!


AELITA: The program’s almost complete.


Is the Skid beyond hope? No, not yet.


YUMI: William, William, listen, it’s me, Yumi.


William.


AELITA: Okay, it’s launched.


Well, we should feel proud of ourselves.


Our program is operational.


Yumi, how are you doing?


YUMI: Aelita, at last.


I can’t hold on much longer.


AELITA: Give me time to set up a delayed self virtualization,
and I’m there.


DEFAULT: (SCREAMING)


JEREMIE: Okay everybody, hurry it up, run to the antenna over there,
it’ll be our lightening rod.


AELITA: Just in time.


Is something wrong, Yumi?


YUMI: For a second there, the real William came back, Aelita.


AELITA: That means we’ll bring him home some day.


JEREMIE: The electrical discharges are getting more intense.


Given the enormous rate of ionization
against the dispersion factor on the ground,


we’re going to reach a highly critical mass in let’s see,
just about seven minutes.


ODD: Meaning?


JEREMIE: In seven minutes, everything on this island
is gonna turn into one big barbeque.


DEFAULT: (SCREAMING)


SFX: (CELESTIAL HUMMING)


DEFAULT: (SCREAMING)


AELITA: Tower deactivated.


ODD: Hey Benjamin Franklin, you think Aelita
will remember to program a return to the past?


AELITA: {\i1}Go on, Yumi.


YUMI: Return to the past, now.


AELITA: So I regenerated the shield by activating several towers
for a few seconds at a time, that’s what saved the Skid.


ULRICH: So that’s what you’ve been doing while we were gone?


What a fun weekend.


JEREMIE: Anyway, it’s effective, isn’t it?


Obviously it requires too much energy
to be able to use it all of the time.


ODD: Hey, how come you’re so cool all of a sudden, Einstein?


Xana attacks don’t scare you anymore?


JEREMIE: They’re still scary, but since he never
makes the same mistake a second time,


and since Aelita and I have been working non-stop
for all of this week, we’d like a little, um-


ULRICH: Okay, we get the picture.


Hey, what’d you do with Kiwi this time?


ODD: Well, let’s say that I found him somebody
who learned what a dog’s life really means.


YUMI: Come on, Kiwi, hurry, I have to get to my exam.